Hi, Jerry.  Michael Scott.  Well, this is slightly embarrassing. [laughs] Um, I'm going to have to... ask you to pay me a little bit more money for that delivery we dropped off yesterday.  Yeah. We did. We got the check, but we're just going to need a much, much bigger check.   A woman shouldn't have to be hit by a car, to learn that she may have rabies. But that is where we are in America. And that does not sit right with me. And that is why I'm hosting a fun run race for the cure for rabies. To raise awareness of the fact that there is a cure for rabies. A disease that has largely been eradicated in the US. But not very many people know that. Ohh.  It was a weird day.  I accidentally cross-dressed.  And then Darryl made me feel bad for not making any money.  And then I had to ride up here with stupid Toby.  And then, your assistant, is all young and hot.  And I--- When Jan and I had satellite, we used to watch a reality show called "Survivorman." And, it was interesting because it was about a guy who would go out in the middle of no where and just try not to die, try not to get eaten by an animal, or be overexposed. I was thinking about our little leak problem. I was up all lunch thinking about what we should do to this individual. You know what I think we should do? We make 'em come to work, and we work 'em, and we make 'em sit next to all the people they screwed over. And, and we pay 'em but we make 'em feel like they did something really wrong. The one question I have is, do we give them a Christmas bonus? I say yes, it's Christmas, but right after they're back in the thick of it.  Ok, ok, you know what? I think this has been great. I think this gives us a lot to think about, doesn't it? Charles Miner, ladies and gentlemen. [starts round of applause] He has a long trip home. Thank you for coming in. We have to get back to work.  That's not appropriate. Hello. Hi, everybody. I promised I wasn't gonna make a toast and I'm not going to. Just going to do a little free standing comedy and if at the end everybody wants to raise their glasses to Pam and Jim, then so be it. Hey, what is the deal with the Smart Car? How smart is that? Those things are tiny. Can you even drive them in traffic? 'I'm so smart. E=mc... squared. I drive a Smart Car.' That's not smart in my book. The real smart car is Kitt from Knight Rider. Oh, wow look at those.  How nice for you.  Up there, front and center, beautiful.  I think they would look better right here.  [Michael takes the flowers from Pam's desk and puts them on the ground off to the side]  They're very pretty and I wouldn't want them to fall.  [Kevin groans] That's crazy.  That's crazy talk!  Meredith!  The Merenator, sleepin' with suppliers!  Hoo-ooh!  Wow!  What time we got? [checks watch] You know what?  That's a good place to end it.  Right there.  This, I think, was a great ethics seminar.  She has given us a lot of wonderful things to think about.  Right... what is wrong.  Who's to say?  Really.  In the end.  I mean because it is... unknowable.  But, let's give her a round of applause.  Holly, everybody.  Holly!  Get back to work. [everyone applauds, then leaves] [to Holly] Great job.  I am truly impressed.  That, uh, you really pulled that one out.  Classic.  Classic meeting.  We should celebrate. So as you know, the Dundies are my legacy. So I'm going to need to train a replacement. So this year, I have decided to have a co-host. [Dwight looks suspecting] And that person is [he and DeAngelo roll their tongues as a drum roll] DeAngelo! [all applaud]
